Scaling and bugfixes
--------------------

Fixed some bugs, especially around the runner being too lazy.
Now each DUG's result is fully evaluated before continuing, allowing the DUG to be gc'd.

This keeps memory usage constant for a given size, no matter how many DUGs get generated. Which is good.

The whole DUG is still kept in memory, so it's still not great for persistent (in the other sense) structures.

This is a problem, because, while most programs keep their data structure in memory, they don't keep the entire persistent lifetime of the structure in memory.
For long-lived programs that have potentially hundreds of millions of versions over a long period of time, with gc between we will need to do something more clever.

Update build tools
------------------

This was a pain, but sync'd things to lts-19.22
also merged the two cabal files so now there's just one with actual `benchmark` pragmas.

Running these benchmarks with profiling enabled seems a pain with stack though, so there's a Makefile with the magic sequence that works for now.

Otherwise can just 

> stack build
> stack bench

To run the benchmarks

or `stack bench rufous:bench:queue` to run just one particular one.


Profiles
--------

The 'size' in a profile should really be kept track of by the Shadow,
as it's not the size of the DUG that's important, but the size of the data structure.

Use the shadow to encode it? If it's Foldable, fold over it to get the size?

More examples
-------------

Really want to collect together more than just a few examples from the standard set of libraries,
maybe try some others, e.g.:

-- import qualified pqueue
-- import qualified thrist

Try collect a set of interfaces?

